a lot of people want to squat with their
heels on the ground but just can't
usually it's a lack of ankle mobility
and you can work on it by using a wall
just like this but the main benefits of
a full deep squat are the ability to
bend your knee completely so how do you
do it if you don't have the ankle
Mobility yet instead of buying a huge
expensive slant board just look up yoga
blocks and find the ones that are wedge
shaped find your comfortable stance some
people like their toes pointed forward
some people like their knees pointed out
either way you elevate your heels so if
you like your toes pointed forward you
do it like this if you're like your toes
pointed outward you could do this now it
is made out of that kind of dense foamy
material so you're not going to want to
put 300 pounds on your back and then
squat on it but if you're just trying to
make those Mobility gains for your knees
this is a great option stay flexy